doc: add some more contributing information (#2611)
carbon-language/carbon-lang: README.md

-   [Carbon Language: Syntax and trade-offs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Y2ivB8VaIs),
    Core C++ 2022

> ## Contributing

Reviewer: What do you think about merging this with the next section?

```
## Contributing

We'd love to have folks join us and contribute to the project. Carbon is committed to a welcoming and inclusive environment where everyone can contribute.

<old list of bullet points>

You can also directly contribute to the design or implementation:

<your new list of bullet points>

You can refer to ... <rest of your new paragraph>
```

Author: I think that might be confusing to people who don't want to contribute, but just have a few questions, or want to stay up to date (i.e. a `#Join us` / stay in the loop / ...).

But I believe we can swap `#Join us` and `# Contributing` for a similar effect

-   See our [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and
    [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for information about the Carbon
    development community.

### Contributing

You can also directly:

-   [Contribute the language design](CONTRIBUTING.md#contributing-to-the-language-design):
    feedback on design, new design proposal
-   [Contribute to the language implementation](CONTRIBUTING.md#contributing-to-the-language-implementation)
    -   [Carbon Explorer](/explorer/): bug report, bug fix, language feature
        implementation
    -   [Carbon Toolchain](/toolchain/), and project infrastructure

> You can refer to [`CONTRIBUTING`](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information, check
> ["good first issues"](https://github.com/carbon-language/carbon-lang/labels/good%20first%20issue),
> or join the `#contributing-help` channel on
> [Discord](https://discord.gg/ZjVdShJDAs).

Reviewer: Slight structure / formatting tweaks, WDYT?

```suggestion
You can **check out some
["good first issues"](https://github.com/carbon-language/carbon-lang/labels/good%20first%20issue)**,
or join the `#contributing-help` channel on
[Discord](https://discord.gg/ZjVdShJDAs). See our full
[`CONTRIBUTING`](CONTRIBUTING.md) documentation for more details.
```

Author: Yep, works for me!
